README.md, before:

[![Review Assignment Due Date](https://classroom.github.com/assets/deadline-readme-button-22041afd0340ce965d47ae6ef1cefeee28c7c493a6346c4f15d667ab976d596c.svg)](https://classroom.github.com/a/e7FBMwSa)
[![Open in Visual Studio Code](https://classroom.github.com/assets/open-in-vscode-2e0aaae1b6195c2367325f4f02e2d04e9abb55f0b24a779b69b11b9e10269abc.svg)](https://classroom.github.com/online_ide?assignment_repo_id=21913864&assignment_repo_type=AssignmentRepo)
# Deploy FastAPI on Render

Use this repo as a template to deploy a Python [FastAPI](https://fastapi.tiangolo.com) service on Render.

See https://render.com/docs/deploy-fastapi or follow the steps below:

## Manual Steps

1. You may use this repository directly or [create your own repository from this template](https://github.com/render-examples/fastapi/generate) if you'd like to customize the code.
2. Create a new Web Service on Render.
3. Specify the URL to your new repository or this repository.
4. Render will automatically detect that you are deploying a Python service and use `pip` to download the dependencies.
5. Specify the following as the Start Command.

    ```shell
    uvicorn main:app --host 0.0.0.0 --port $PORT
    ```

6. Click Create Web Service.

Or simply click:

[![Deploy to Render](https://render.com/images/deploy-to-render-button.svg)](https://render.com/deploy?repo=https://github.com/render-examples/fastapi)

## Data Export Page

The data exporting/downloading page can be found at: [https://emogo-backend-ny0505.onrender.com/data](https://emogo-backend-ny0505.onrender.com/data)

## Thanks

Thanks to [Harish](https://harishgarg.com) for the [inspiration to create a FastAPI quickstart for Render](https://twitter.com/harishkgarg/status/1435084018677010434) and for some sample code!

Commit message:

Clarify data export URI in README

README.md, after:

[![Review Assignment Due Date](https://classroom.github.com/assets/deadline-readme-button-22041afd0340ce965d47ae6ef1cefeee28c7c493a6346c4f15d667ab976d596c.svg)](https://classroom.github.com/a/e7FBMwSa)
[![Open in Visual Studio Code](https://classroom.github.com/assets/open-in-vscode-2e0aaae1b6195c2367325f4f02e2d04e9abb55f0b24a779b69b11b9e10269abc.svg)](https://classroom.github.com/online_ide?assignment_repo_id=21913864&assignment_repo_type=AssignmentRepo)
# Deploy FastAPI on Render

Use this repo as a template to deploy a Python [FastAPI](https://fastapi.tiangolo.com) service on Render.

See https://render.com/docs/deploy-fastapi or follow the steps below:

## Manual Steps

1. You may use this repository directly or [create your own repository from this template](https://github.com/render-examples/fastapi/generate) if you'd like to customize the code.
2. Create a new Web Service on Render.
3. Specify the URL to your new repository or this repository.
4. Render will automatically detect that you are deploying a Python service and use `pip` to download the dependencies.
5. Specify the following as the Start Command.

    ```shell
    uvicorn main:app --host 0.0.0.0 --port $PORT
    ```

6. Click Create Web Service.

Or simply click:

[![Deploy to Render](https://render.com/images/deploy-to-render-button.svg)](https://render.com/deploy?repo=https://github.com/render-examples/fastapi)

## Data Export Page

The data exporting/downloading page can be found at: [https://emogo-backend-ny0505.onrender.com/data](https://emogo-backend-ny0505.onrender.com/data)

## Data Export Page

The URI for the data-exporting/downloading page is:

[https://emogo-backend-ny0505.onrender.com/data](https://emogo-backend-ny0505.onrender.com/data)

From this page, you can see and download all three types of data collected: vlogs, sentiments, and GPS coordinates.

## Thanks

Thanks to [Harish](https://harishgarg.com) for the [inspiration to create a FastAPI quickstart for Render](https://twitter.com/harishkgarg/status/1435084018677010434) and for some sample code!
